fix(ins): content review and update (#2783)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/instances/reference-content/understanding-instance-pricing.mdx

### Flexible IP address billing 

When you create an Instance, by default a [flexible IP](/compute/instances/concepts/#flexible-ip/) is created for it at the same time. This gives the Instance a public IP address. A flexible IP address is billed separately to the Instance and has its own hourly rate. You can see the hourly rate for a flexible IP address on the Instance [creation page](https://console.scaleway.com/instance/servers/create) of the Scaleway console or on our dedicated [pricing page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/pricing/?tags=available).

> Your hourly billing for a flexible IP address begins when you reserve the IP address (either during the creation of an Instance or by creating a [new](/compute/instances/how-to/use-flexips/#how-to-create-a-new-flexible-ip-address) flexible IP address) and ends when you [delete](/compute/instances/how-to/use-flexips/#how-to-delete-a-flexible-ip-address) the address from your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your hourly billing for a flexible IP address begins when you reserve the IP address (either during the creation of an Instance or by creating a [new](/compute/instances/how-to/use-flexips/#how-to-create-a-new-flexible-ip-address) flexible IP address) and ends when you [delete](/compute/instances/how-to/use-flexips/#how-to-delete-a-flexible-ip-address) the address from your account.
```
```suggestion
Your hourly billing for a flexible IP address begins when you reserve the IP address (either during the creation of an Instance or by [creating a new flexible IP address)](/compute/instances/how-to/use-flexips/#how-to-create-a-new-flexible-ip-address) and ends when you [delete the address](/compute/instances/how-to/use-flexips/#how-to-delete-a-flexible-ip-address) from your account.
```

### Estimated cost calculator

> Whenever you [create an Instance in the Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/instance/servers/create/), we give you an estimated cost calculator to help you see how much you will be charged for the Instance, as well as its storage and flexible IP. This is based on the number of hours (or days, or months) that you anticipate you will use it. You can play around with this calculator as much as you like before creating your Instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you create an Instance in the Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/instance/servers/create/), we provide you with an estimated cost calculator to help you visualize the potential charges for the Instance, including its storage and flexible IP, based on your projected usage in hours, days, or months. Feel free to experiment with this calculator to find your optimal configuration before finalizing your Instance creation.
```
